## Recursive filesystem statistics checker
Write a program which recursively explores the filesystem starting from a given directory, which is the sole argument to the program. The order in which the filesystem tree is explored (e.g. depth-first) is not important. Tabulate the following statistics and report at the end:
a) # of inodes of each type (e.g. directory, file, symlink, etc.) encountered
b) sum the sizes of all the regular files encountered. Also sum the number of disk blocks allocated for them. The ratio gives you, in a sense, the spatial efficiency of the filesystem
c) # of inodes which are hard-linked, i.e. which have a link count of more than 1. Do not include directory inodes, which always have a link count of at least 2.
d) # of symlinks encountered that did not (at least at the time of the exploration) resolve to a valid target. Hint: there is a very easy way to determine if a symlink resolves or not, without having to duplicate the kernel’s logic in your own code
e) # of pathnames encountered which would be "problematic" to enter at the keyboard. This means any name which contains non-printable characters, non-ASCII characters, or special characters that confuse the shell unless properly escaped.
Error handling: you might encounter errors, especially if you try to explore a part of the filesystem where you don’t have permission. Do not terminate the entire program because of an error. Report the error and take reasonable action to continue, if possible.
SUBMISSION: Your code, plus a screenshot (must be READABLE without a magnifying glass) or plain text session output, showing your code running.